[Music]
a 10-minute workout to get a beautiful
and attractive bust in our digital age
images of perfect ladies with perfect
breasts look at us from everywhere
inviting to join the club start spotting
fabulous dresses on the red carpet greet
you in the morning from your smartphone
screen warning shows promote a healthy
lifestyle from your TV screen and there
you see those beautiful breasts again
you are out of the house and there they
are on every billboard how can you get
that perfect image for yourself
expensive surgery some magic all you
have to do is regularly perform a few
straightforward exercises all of which
can help to lift and even improve the
shape of your breasts try these seven
exercises and you will be impressed by
the effect they have don't bother
looking for a stop wash will count for
you exercise one
let's get down to business clench your
hand into a fist and raise it to your
chin press on your fist with your chin
for five seconds then relax for five
seconds repeat two to three times ready
to try it and go for it just ready up to
your chin and relax you have five
seconds
now repeat
[Music]
and relax again you have five seconds so
simple isn't it it is one of those
exercises where you can handle both the
action and relaxed part easily
[Music]
exercise number two
join your hands together in front of
your chest press them together with
enough force to straighten your pectoral
muscles make sure you keep your back
straight sounds doable let's give it a
go we are setting the timer at one
minute to try it so put your hands
together in front of your chest
yes just like when you are doing a
namaste greeting all of us try to start
doing yoga at some point in life push
your hands together with enough force to
strain your pectoral muscles keep your
back straight posture is important
[Music]
keep pressing keep your back straight
and again simple as we promised can you
feel the tension and your muscles in
that case you're doing it right
[Music]
perfect
exercise number three push-ups can help
strengthen your pectoral muscles if
you're new to them begin by doing them
on your knees or while resting on a
chair or sofa place your arms as far
apart to your sides as you can and pull
your legs together when pressing your
body to the ground slowly move your
elbows to your sides perform 3 sets of
12 to 15 push-ups
you will have one minute for each set
Ready Steady Go as you are going every
major muscle in your body is working
hard biceps triceps lower body muscle
groups and your pectoral muscles are all
activated to support your body and help
stabilize your movement
[Music]
how many pushups have you done so far
ten ok just another two
[Music]
well done now give yourself a little
break
ten seconds will be just enough this
must be your favorite part but it is
time to continue back to business down
to the floor go place your arms as far
apart as you can
are your legs together it is important
[Music]
six down six more to go do we mentioned
this exercise also helps to improve your
posture yes it does done with the second
set perfect reward yourself with a
little break
and it's time for the final set of this
exercise you can do it go
[Music]
can you feel your muscles burn perfect
it means you are doing it right keep
going
[Music]
great job exercise for tired of doing
push-ups for the next exercise you can
lie down and relax just kidding here is
what we're going to do lie in your
stomach bend your legs at the knees and
grab hold of them at the ankles if
you're a beginner hold this position for
20 seconds then have a 10 second break
repeat this three times ready to try it
you will have 30 seconds for each set
with a break lie on your stomach now
bend your knees hold your ankles imagine
you are one of those beautiful artistic
gymnasts going for the gold keep your
head straight and keep your smile on
[Music]
we're doing great
five four three two one time for a break
you have ten seconds do you also think
the time is flying much faster when you
are on a break
yes time for the second set all you are
doing it do you have some information
for you America in fact takes the first
place in the list of countries where
most breast plastic surgeries are made
in 2016 alone Americans spent more than
a billion dollars on breast and nose
reshaping surgeries impressive huh
[Music]
time for a break you have ten seconds to
realize you were doing the best thing
for yourself
you chose exercise over surgery okay
let's do it one last time keep your head
straight make your whole body follow its
lead you are facing the Sun maybe an
imaginary Sun
stretch and hold and keep going five
four three two one done time for a break
before the next exercise
exercise five
stand 20 inches away from a wall stretch
your arms out in front of you and begin
to press against it with your fists
first for 20 seconds then rest for 10
seconds repeat 3 times again each set
will last 30 seconds including a break
let's start 20 inches from the wall your
arms in front of you
fists ready and press it you'll feel
your pectoral muscles being exercised as
easy as it seems this exercise will do
you much good take all of your anger and
put it in your fists don't go too hard
on the wall though it has done you
nothing wrong done 10 seconds break
shake your hands release the tension
second set as you are pressing we are
going to share another breast related
fact researchers from Prague recently
asked 267 men from four different
countries Brazil Cameroon the Czech
Republic and Namibia about their
preferences and breasts medium sized
firm and perky was the most popular
choice we are done with the second set
time for a break
[Music]
three two one the break is over one more
time back to the wall this ready you
were born to be a boxer press it hard
can you feel the tension it means you
are doing the right thing
[Music]
almost done five four three two one
there you go
exercise six ready for the next exercise
you are going to need dumbbells for this
one lie on a bench fit ball or the floor
using dumbbells strain your chest and
begin to lift them upward at an equal
rate then lower them and immediately
lift them again repeat this exercise
eight times the dumbbells should weigh
enough to make the last rep noticeably
difficult perform three sets
let's do it we have 60 seconds
[Music]
as you are doing the sets of ups and
downs with your dumbbells we have
something to tell you
do you know why breasts sag it happens
with age our skin gets older and less
elastic and the way of our breasts
simply pulls it down the muscle
supporting breasts also get weaker with
age the breasts just can't keep as perky
as they used to be
[Music]
don't with your first eight lifts you
deserved a break of five seconds and
continue so weight gain is another
common reason for breast sagging and so
is breast feeding
it makes the chest tissues looser
[Music]
done 5 seconds break
and finally the last set
by the way nicotine alcohol and
carbonated beverages do no good to your
skin and cells either cutting on them is
always a good idea
[Music]
and we were done with this exercise just
one more to go
exercise seven the last but not least on
our list note all the puns this exercise
will stretch your muscles and helps keep
your bust a beautiful shape take your
dumbbells when standing up slightly bend
your legs at the knee and incline your
torso forward when you breathe in lift
your arms to the sides it should also be
slightly bent at the elbows your
forearms should be parallel to the
ground carry out two sets of twelve reps
each we won't turn on a stopwatch for
this exercise take your time and do it
at your own speed ready to give it a go
stand up knees bent or so forward air
goes in arms go up to the sides don't
forget to keep your forearms parallel to
the ground and your head straight
[Music]
three
to
one and done put the dumbbells down
shake your hands it is time for the
second set
think of all the good you are doing to
your body breathe in lift your arms to
the sides
breathe out arms go down
[Music]
three two one
and you are done
did you enjoy doing these exercises it
was not that hard right click a thumbs
up if you agree subscribe and join us on
the bright side
[Music]